(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Why is the date wrong?
The Satisfying the Five Senses event...
begins on the 29th,
but it says it's the 28th.
Didn't you check the date, Ha Jung?
I thought I did.
Where's Seo Ji An?
It wasn't her.
Ha Jung did it.
I'm... I'm sorry.
What about the theme for the hand printing contest?
Seo Ji An is in charge of that.
Then when do I get the final screening...
of the customer fashion show?
I've distributed the vote,
but we haven't decided the date yet.
Are you saying we can wait months for it?
You said you'll cast...
a premium Australian candle brand.
How is that going?
I haven't checked it yet.
Manager Jo.
When can I get the customer analysis report?
I haven't received the report yet from Ji An.
Ms. Yoon.
Who are the sponsors for the event?
Ji An's out looking for them.
Where did she go?
I don't know.
I heard you two are in charge together.
I didn't have time to be well-acquainted with it.
Then why did you come to the team dinner?
Where did she go?
(Do Kyung)
Hello.
Come straight to the membership club now.
I'll let the manager know.
Okay.
Sit.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Where are you coming from?
No, tell me what you've been doing...
without coming to the office today.
I went to a few galleries where Jung Kang Soo...
held exhibitions and talked to his students...
to get his number.
And I was looking around...
a few convention halls that were changed.
You.
You said you wanted me...
to keep the secret until your brother's wedding.
Yes.
Fine.
But under one condition.
Condition?
Finish the 40th anniversary event...
of Haesung Apparel.
Pardon?
I said you should also take charge of the finale.
That girl, Yoon Ha Jung, can never do it.
No. I'm sure she can do it if I push her more.
I can't fool your parents until then.
You can wait until the 24th,
but you can't until the 4th of November?
10 more days?
And I can't avoid your parents...
once the event begins.
Then tell them today.
I've told you the condition.
Did you think I'd accept your request for nothing?
I hoped that you might do that.
You're so shameless.
I thought I might have to tell your parents today,
so I tried my best to not affect the event by my...
You've been working pretty hard since this morning.
So...
what have you finished?
I put you in charge of everything...
because I thought you were Eun Seok,
so the event isn't going to work without you now.
- Ha Jung can... - What about the company?
No.
Don't you want to be credited?
I'm worried about the company.
I wanted to be credited. I wanted to do my best.
Then do it.
I'll take care of my parents.
You're in the advertising video for foreign clients.
The chairman ordered it to help you be acknowledged.
This all became a serious matter...
because your parents lied to us,
so the 40th anniversary also became important.
Since it's important, as long as you work it out,
you'll be acknowledged.
Okay.
You can't avoid seeing my parents today.
They're back.
Just hang in there for today.
From tomorrow,
I'll help you avoid seeing my parents.
How?
First,
smile when you see them today.
Smile to my parents like you did before.
How could I...
possibly smile?
If you don't want my parents to find out,
you must smile.
If you don't want to ruin your brother's wedding,
Smile for your parents.
Weren't you trying to tell the truth...
so you could make things better?
You said you wanted to reduce the humiliation...
your parents will go through.
That's true.
- Okay. - Then you should...
at least do this.
I'm going to tell them once the event is over.
That you told me as soon as you found out...
and that I told you to finish...
the 40th anniversary event.
So don't let them find out before that.
If the event ends successfully,
it means you did great work,
and you've done good service for my family,
so it will make up for that.
Okay.
Let's go. We should meet my parents.
Now?
After seeing them, I'll say...
that you have to go back to work soon.
Mother. It's me, Do Kyung.
You said you're home, right?
I'm on the way with Eun Seok.
Yes. I thought so too.
I'll see you at home.
Do it well.
Okay.
We're home.
Hello.
How was Yangpyeong?
How long have we not met each other?
I'm sorry.
Sit down.
What's wrong? You look so drawn.
It's because she's been sitting all day.
She doesn't look healthy...
because her blood doesn't circulate well.
I told her to do some stretching earlier,
and her bones cracked.
My goodness.
Do you know the fitness club...
next to our company?
I signed her up there...
so she can work out before work.
She should rather get more sleep. That's too much.
She said she keeps waking up early.
I think I should work out like he said.
Right. That might be better.
How's Grandfather?
He has someone taking good care of him.
When is he leaving this time?
He never tells us things like that.
It's about time though.
Eun Seok.
I'm sorry for what Do Kyung put you through.
You must've been very upset, right?
No.
Like I said yesterday, I should've known better.
Is that why you asked me for money? To pay him?
Did you take that money, Do Kyung?
Yes. It was when we didn't know each other.
I'm sorry for not being honest with you.
Then what about the money?
Do you really have no other debts?
I'm still paying off my student loans.
Really? Then pay that off.
It's more than the loan.
More?
If so, just use it for yourself.
I'm glad it was Eun Seok.
I knew this would happen one day, Do Kyung.
Why would you be so careless?
Why would you deal with commoners unnecessarily...
when you have Secretary Yoo?
I'll keep that in mind.
Also, why did you forgive that general manager?
You should've fired him...
as soon as you became the vice president.
He made your sister drive.
Tell him to resign tomorrow.
Please don't.
Her daughter's in middle school.
And he's the family's only income.
What does that got to do with us?
You need to learn from this.
This is why you should keep your distance.
There's nothing good about knowing...
your employee's personal life.
Never get involved in their personal lives.
If we fire the general manager,
Eun Seok will lose ground in her team.
Everyone will know it has to do with the scandal.
The executives didn't train the employees well,
so we should listen to Eun Seok this time.
We have to get back to the company.
You have to go back?
I prepared dinner for us.
An employee in the team made a huge mistake.
And our budget was wasted.
So Eun Seok must lead the entire project.
That's why I plan to stay late with her...
and prepare the anniversary event.
But you must have dinner.
Have dinner before going.
We have a dinner meeting with the agency.
We stopped by to say hello since you haven't...
seen Eun Seok for a while.
We were working out of the office today.
Let's go now.
Okay.
By the way, why aren't you using my card?
I haven't gotten any messages recently.
Since it's a premium credit card,
I've been using cash...
because I was afraid someone might see it.
Let's go.
Okay.
I'll be off now.
Thank you...
for helping me.
Your gratitude makes me uncomfortable.
I didn't do it for your sake.
But I'm still grateful.
Thank you.
Let's make this clear.
You and I aren't siblings anymore.
We're strangers.
I'm aware of that.
At home, I'll act as if I'm your brother.
Only until our project is over.
Okay.
I just took photos of you.
Oh, my! Yes. I took pictures of you.
Look who's here.
What? You...
That girl.
My real sister, Ji Soo.
What is she doing now?
Why are you not staying in place?
She can't digest her food well.
She's slim.
She goes to work.
She said she was going to leave after two hours.
- Ji Soo. - Yes?
I thought you were an expert at that.
You said you've done that a lot.
Mr. Baker.
What's that? I have a bad feeling about those eyes.
Could you help me just a little bit with this?
I need to feel the moist and soft batter...
very delicately...
with the tips of my fingers.
So I never touch rough furniture like that.
Isn't it because you can't do this?
What? I can assemble it. I choose not to do it.
When I need to hammer a nail,
I call the guy from the hardware store to do it.
I got it.
- Gosh. - Goodness, Ji Soo.
You need to watch your tongue. Really.
I need to come up with new recipes today.
You should leave now. Stop distracting me.
Mr. Baker. I thought about some new recipes too.
Would you like my ideas?
Well, no.
Why not?
- I'll share mine. - Forget that.
Leave. Just leave.
We can't go to the company in the same car.
Yes.
Where did it go?
What are you looking for?
I had an old photo from my high school days.
I found it.
What is it?
My vitamin.
It's just a photo.
Did you start it again?
Your one-sided love for your first crush?
No, I didn't.
I decided to become good friends with her.
Did you get to the bottom of the mystery?
That didn't happen either.
Ji An didn't need me...
to find out her problems and resolve them.
I thought...
that she would just need me as a good friend,
so I'm going to be that friend for her.
Why is it so complicated?
How is it complicated?
I just don't need to ask questions.
Okay.
(Written apology)
Ha Jung, are you done writing the apology?
I'm almost done.
You're taking forever to write it.
Ji An, what about the budget proposal?
We need to get it approved quickly.
I only need to print it out now.
(Hyuk)
I found it while organizing files...
on my computer.
The days when Ji An was happy.
How much is this one?
Compared to what you've just seen,
it's more expensive.
How much more expensive?
It's double the price.
Just try it on.
Let's go.
Soo A.
Thank you.
I wanted to get you good food. Why here?
It's comfortable here.
It's a place of our memories.
Don't you think you'll miss...
spending time here after we get married?
We can come back.
When we do, this won't be the same.
After we eat this,
let's go back to the bridal shop.
Why?
You'll only get to wear it once.
You need to wear the dress you want.
Don't save money on that.
Let us...
be naked, Ji Tae.
What?
What on earth are you saying?
- What are you thinking? - I mean...
I was scared just in case if someone heard you.
What do you mean though?
If we try to keep up with others,
we'll break ourselves.
And in the end, we'll suffer from it.
If we are not going to have a fancy wedding,
let's rid all formalities and do what we want.
Is wearing the cheapest dress...
what we want?
No. Not wearing one is.
What?
I wrote a list of things for the wedding.
(Wedding hall, wedding dress, tuxedo, reception)
We should buy only the bed and blankets,
which we will use.
We should pay back our debts...
with whatever money we have left.
And let's save up to move out of your house.
Soo A, what has gotten into you?
You're surprising me.
At one time,
I thought I wanted to live like everybody else.
I admit that.
Not wanting a poor life?
I still don't want to.
You feel the same, don't you?
You didn't want to marry me...
because you couldn't have what others had.
But look what happened to us.
We lost to love.
That's right. We did. We really lost.
So we should admit our defeat...
and not live like others.
To be honest, I don't even know...
what they mean by others anyway.
Are you sure you won't regret it?
I regretted a lot...
when I broke up with you.
So did I.
I didn't even think about this alternative.
I hoped we had...
a home as big as this room in the comic book cafe.
I thought about that countless times.
And I regretted a lot...
about why I couldn't ask you...
to marry me.
I really did.
- Dad. - Yes? What is it?
- Dad. - What is it?
Please massage my shoulders, Dad.
What's wrong with your shoulders?
I had to do some laboring today.
And now, my right shoulder hurts a lot.
Is that right? Turn around.
- Here and here. - Okay.
What did you do?
I did something important.
- It hurts. - All right.
- I will take it easy. - Take it easy.
- Is it better now? - It's ticklish.
It must feel good.
You're home, Mom.
Why are you so late?
Have you eaten?
Of course I've eaten. What are you two doing?
You can stop now, Dad. That's good enough.
It's much better.
I'll get you a pain relief patch.
I don't like the smell.
Mom, where do you work? What kind of place is it?
It's just a restaurant.
A restaurant?
What do you do there?
I am the cashier. It's easy work.
The cashier?
It wouldn't be too difficult then.
- But still... - I have to earn too.
Don't use any of the money...
you earned from that restaurant...
for my children.
What?
If you want to use it, use it for yourself.
Honey.
Do you know how much yesterday's sales were?
I don't need to know, and I don't want to know.
Now, we can buy jewelries for our daughter-in-law.
Don't you dare do that.
This is just too much.
Am I doing this for my own happiness?
I told you not to do it.
No.
Since I started it,
I want to earn a lot of money...
and pay the debts Ji Tae got to pay for this house.
And I'm going to give anything Ji Soo wants.
I will support her to study baking abroad.
If she wants to open a bakery, I'll open it.
Give Ji Soo what she wants.
The money is from her parents anyway.
But...
don't spend even a cent you got from that shop...
on my children.
Not even a cent. Do it, and I'm divorcing you.
What did you say? Divorce?
When you said you were going to send Ji An there,
I hesitated a little.
And losing Ji An when she was leaving.
Do you know how much I regret that?
Are you bringing that up again?
It's already over. Why do you keep...
Who said it's over?
I'm going to bring Ji An back.
Seriously.
No matter what you say,
I am the breadwinner of this family.
Ji Tae and his fiance...
decided to marry without a fuss.
So let them be.
From now on, I will take care of everything.
- I'm back. - Hello.
Dad, I have something to tell you.
We booked Sangam Park as our wedding venue.
I'm going to wear my normal suit,
and Soo A will wear one of her dresses.
Is she not going to wear a wedding dress?
We decided not to copy other people.
Soo A's family is not in Korea anyway.
And we don't have a lot of relatives anyway.
So we're going to invite...
only some close friends and colleagues...
to minimize the number of guests.
Ji Tae, I know that we don't have money,
but what kind of wedding is that?
You didn't want to get married at a wedding hall.
You should at least dress properly.
But a lot of people have humble weddings.
Many people from other countries dress like that.
We're not in another country, are we?
Did Soo A say she's okay with that?
It was Soo A's idea.
Was it?
She must've thought we were unbelievably poor.
How can a bride not wear a wedding dress?
That's not the reason.
Of course it is. What if we were rich?
Mom, we want to save that money...
so we can get our own place soon.
All right. You were right to think that.
I am sorry and grateful.
Mom, you said you didn't need the appliances.
So we want to buy each of you new clothes.
Never mind. We can't give Soo A anything.
How can we accept anything from her?
It's embarrassing. Tell her we need nothing.
Mom.
Ji Tae.
Yes, Dad?
Is there anything else you want to say?
That's not it.
This isn't much.
At least buy some new shoes for the wedding.
It's all right, Dad.
I'll do the wallpapers for this room myself.
190, 200, 210 dollars.
(100,000 dollars)
Saving to make 100,000 dollars someday.
Should I quit working at the mall...
and work full-time at the club?
Right, Cinderella.
Why didn't I tell her not to say a thing?
She wouldn't tell Ji An, would she?
I saved you because you are my sister's sister,
- you brat. - Hey.
What are you talking about? Why am I...
That day, I was there to see my sister.
Gosh, I was too surprised to tell him it's a secret.
(Music Academy)
You have a waiter named 100,000 Dollars, right?
I must speak with him.
100,000 Dollars?
Oh, he works part-time. He's not here now.
Then he isn't there everyday?
That's right.
A part-time waiter?
Unbelievable.
Is she a workaholic?
Are you home now?
Yes. Why are you still up?
I'm going to bed now.
You don't look so well.
I'm just tired.
Goodnight.
Thank goodness. He didn't tell her.
I wanted to take you out on a date...
and give this to you.
But it seems there's no time for that.
Don't work too hard. Tell me if you need anything.
From Dad.
What's wrong?
Please sit beside me.
What? Beside you?
Sit beside me.
Okay.
Hi, Cinderella.
Be quiet. Do you know where you are?
It's a residential area of Pyeongchang-dong...
and a road open to everyone.
Everyone knows who I am.
I was born and raised here.
Then you shouldn't talk to me.
Why are you here again?
Did you tell my sister that you've seen me?
She doesn't know you work as a waiter, right?
Right. I heard you are a part-time waiter.
What do you really do? Are you a student?
You called the club, didn't you?
You were worried I told my sister about it.
You were afraid too. Isn't that why you're here?
Bingo.
Then...
- But can I trust you? - What else can you do?
Why do you work as a waiter at the club?
Why do you think so? I need to earn money.
Okay. Give me your number then.
You shouldn't work at the clubs I go to.
Okay.
I don't like seeing you at the club either.
Be careful.
So many guys are after you.
It's okay. I have a bodyguard now.
I'll get going.
Ms. Sunwoo Hee?
I almost didn't recognize you.
Long time no see.
Don't you remember me?
It's me, Nam Goo. Kang Nam Goo.
Oh.
It's you again.
Hello.
I won't run into him again, would I?
What if he lives in this town?
Yes.
- Yes. - Hello...
Okay.
Gosh, I'm late.
Unbelievable.
Does he have amnesia?
That can't be it.
He remembered my name.
You're here.
I'm not late, am I?
Mr. Baker.
Where do you go every morning?
You dress up for just half an hour.
Just open the store.
Okay.
- Welcome. - Good morning.
- Welcome. - Hello.
Welcome.
From now on, I'll be in charge...
of the foundation event.
Ms. Seo will be the only one in charge of it.
Ms. Yoon will be assisting Ms. Seo.
You will do whatever she tells you to do...
and report it right away.
You can't make another mistake like yesterday.
Okay.
Ms. Seo,
did you re-send the text messages?
Yes. We posted an apology...
on social networking sites and our website.
Did you find the event venue?
I've got the stage design drafts...
from two candidates.
And this is the stage design draft...
for the customer model fashion show.
Traditional natural dye fabrics...
and iron pillars.
They don't match at all.
I will look for another solution.
The white t-shirts for the printing contest...
will be given out at the venue.
Hanging it out at our stores...
makes it look like we're forcing them to buy them.
Yes. We will do that.
All right. I'll come back in the evening.
You are dismissed.
Why is he so intense?
I know. Ji An resolved a misunderstanding,
and he used to really like Ji An.
He even thanked her with a smile.
He asked for an update,
and now, he checks it every day.
Have you made any mistakes, Ji An?
Ha Jung is the one who made a mistake.
He went from super nice...
to super mean.
It's like we're walking on thin ice. Gosh.
Let's make this clear.
You and I are no longer siblings.
We are strangers.
If the event ends successfully,
it means you did great work,
and you've done good service for my family,
so it will make up for that.
The natural dye fabrics will hang here.
If the pillars are closer, the fabrics won't be seen.
It'd be nice if the pillars were wood.
Yes, Ji An.
Hyuk, are you busy this afternoon?
Are you looking for a lunch buddy?
No. Today, I have a favor to ask.
Really. Where did it go?
It's lunch time.
I am going to just eat bread here.
No. I need some quiet time alone.
Please eat lunch somewhere else.
Can't I watch you come up with the new bread?
No, you can't.
Okay.
I'll be back.
- Cheese donkatsu, please. - Okay.
And please give me the bread first.
(Croque-monsieur)
Gosh. Why are you here?
What?
Gosh. What a coincidence.
Gosh. Really. What are you doing here?
What brings you to this part of the town?
I came in here to get lunch,
and I came to this town to meet someone.
Alone?
This is good.
I'm alone. Can I join you?
Of course.
You should order.
They have nice donkatsu here.
Then I'll get the same as you.
One more cheese donkatsu, please.
Okay.
They give you soup and bread too.
You like bread, don't you?
That's why I work at a bakery.
Why do you look at me like that?
Your life must have been tough, right?
Why would it have been tough?
Well, your family is poor,
and your work isn't easy either.
Not at all.
My life hasn't been tough at all.
My sister... No, Ji An...
Your little sister did all the hard work.
I heard you call her Eun Seok.
You lived as a twin sister.
Your life must've been the same.
I said it wasn't like that.
Looking back now, I feel sorry to her.
Honestly,
I've never given my family even a cent.
But Ji An gave my parents 300 dollars every month...
by working part-time.
She used to give me allowance too.
She gave some to Ji Ho too.
Since we were young,
whenever I was bullied by other kids,
she came and beat them up.
Did she?
Here's your donkatsu.
Try it.
They cut it for you,
so it's very convenient to eat.
It's delicious.
I told you I'd take you to a dessert cafe.
The convenience store again?
You sisters are so alike.
Right?
We used to be really close.
We are very alike.
But shouldn't you not call her your sister?
Why not?
She's not your sister.
What? Why isn't she my sister?
Eun Seok was born in March.
March?
So Ji An was an elder sister anyway.
What?
Is it her fate to be the elder sister?
She thought she was born a minute earlier,
so she's been acting like the elder sister.
And I've been acting like the little sister.
That's not what I meant.
Actually,
I knew she was different.
Ji Ho and I...
are relaxed about everything.
But Ji An is diligent,
and she's ambitious.
Ji Ho and I thought we didn't need college.
I mean, we don't like studying.
So why would we go to college?
No matter what other people say,
I'll live how I like it to be.
Did you not go to college?
I did.
Did you?
I wasn't very smart,
so I wasn't going to go to college.
But Ji An secretly submitted my applications,
and I was able to go to a technical college.
- Secretly? - Yes.
She said I couldn't survive in Korea...
without a college diploma.
We fought so much over it.
Ji An...
was a pretty good sister to you then.
She was an amazing sister.
We might drift apart even more in the future.
But we lived 25 years...
thinking that we were twins.
I'm sorry.
I gave your sister a hard time, mister.
Call me as your brother.
Pardon?
Don't call me that. You can call me by my name.
If you're Ji An's brother, you're my brother too.
Right?
Okay, Do Kyung.
All right. That's good.
Please be nice to Ji An.
Compared to when she lived with our family,
she looks worse.
We'll hang up fabrics naturally dyed...
with indigo leaves as a backdrop.
Like when we hang out laundry to dry.
So we need to hang a rope in the back.
The pillar is steel, right?
That doesn't seem right.
I know. Exactly.
It's traditional dyed fabric.
It doesn't look good with steel pillars.
So you need wooden pillars here instead.
I knew it. You sure are a design major.
By the way, a customer fashion show?
Who'll host this event?
It's for Haesung Apparel's 40th anniversary.
Haesung Apparel?
You used to work in the Marketing Team there.
Yes. I got a job there again.
When?
Not long ago. I'll tell you about it later.
Can you do this? We don't have much time.
I should ask my boss to make pillars of that size.
Gosh, I like the woody smell.
Do you still like it?
You used to like the woody smell.
It's been 10 years.
But I still like it.
You're here.
Hello.
This is my boss.
Hello, sir.
Are you Mr. Sunwoo's friend?
Yes. I'm Seo Ji An.
Did you check the draft sent by fax?
It needs to be long and thick.
She's your friend. I should make it.
I was hoping it'd keep the grain of wood on it.
Can you do that too?
Thank you so much for lunch.
I'll see you again.
- Okay. - Bye.
She even gave me some pocket money.
I wasn't very smart,
so I wasn't going to go to college.
But Ji An secretly submitted my applications,
and I was able to go to a technical college.
Seo Ji An, you're such an unfortunate girl.
What are you doing here?
I was going to ask you the same question.
Well...
Why would I tell you that?
You're the one who asked the question first.
Just go on your way. We have nothing to say.
You should go first then.
You should go first.
That jerk does have a short temper.
Is he a loan shark or something?
What is he doing all dressed up at this hour?
It's still not done?
What's going on?
What are you doing?
I was going to do it later myself.
It's raining tonight. Wood shouldn't get wet.
I'm sorry to have troubled you.
Thank you.
Goodbye then.
Bye.
He completed it in an instant.
He's so cool.
Gosh, I can't do this. Pull yourself together.
You're benefiting greatly from Ji An.
You just raised someone else's daughter,
but they got you a restaurant.
Please don't say that.
There was nobody around.
There was only a tiny store...
which was closed.
I found her in the middle of nowhere.
If we didn't take her, we'd never know...
what would've happened to her there.
Anyway, I'm envious about you making money.
Gosh. I just want...
to get Soo A some jewelry as a wedding gift.
You can do that.
It doesn't have to be something expensive.
You can get gold necklace or earrings.
Do you think I can buy a ruby necklace...
and tell Tae Soo that I borrowed money from you?
Why would you say you borrowed money from me?
Tae Soo doesn't want to use the money from here?
He has no idea why I'm doing all this.
I understand.
Tae Soo has his pride. You shouldn't do that.
Listen to your husband.
Why would you say that?
Why should I listen to Tae Soo?
Ji Tae is my son.
We are not doing anything for his wedding.
Just let Tae Soo stand on his pride.
He has loved and cared about you all his life.
Hae Ja, you have a high opinion of Tae Soo...
because you used to like him.
Gosh.
Hey.
You think I didn't know about that?
That's why you tried...
to set me up with your husband on a double date.
You just wanted to hang out with Tae Soo.
Well, all right. I did.
That's when Seok Doo asked me out...
and Tae Soo asked you out.
Why would you say that now?
Just do it yourself.
Gosh, Hae Ja.
Hae Ja. Hae Ja.
Yes. I know that.
I'm just asking you to be sure.
Really? Mr. Jung Kang Soo's pupil?
Then can I get the phone number?
Okay.
I see.
Dad, here.
Hold this.
Gosh, it's done.
- Nice work. - All right.
Put this over there.
Wait.
Should it go over there?
Let's put it over here. Here. Yes.
Seok Doo.
I sent you the estimate for the motorcycle parts.
I guess Ho Chi Minh City would be a better option.
I couldn't reach Mr. Jung Kang Soo.
I heard he lost his wife and son...
from a car accident a few years ago.
After that, he went off the grid...
and moved to a rural area.
But nobody knows where he is now.
Really?
I guess you should choose either Mr. Ki or Mr. Cho.
We changed the stage design to wooden pillars.
Once you confirm the site, we'll be almost ready.
And you should choose the dyeing master.
I'll look for him once more.
Pardon?
I just can't give up on his indigo color.
I know these masters just as good.
But to launch a new brand...
Excuse me.
Answer it.
Hello?
Eun Seok?
Yes.
Grandfather.
Come to Yangpyeong after work.
I'm going to Hawaii tomorrow.
Today? Yangpyeong?
Come with your brother and stay over.
Excuse me. I'm with Do Kyung now.
He wants us to come and stay over tonight.
Grandfather.
Were you with her?
Yes, we were having a meeting.
I'm sorry,
but we have a seminar tomorrow.
We delayed marketing the winter products...
to prepare for the 40th anniversary event.
We'll do it all at the seminar.
What time is your flight?
We'll go to Yangpyeong after the seminar.
We have a late meeting...
and can't spend the night with you.
We're meeting an event planner in the evening.
We can only drop by...
to say goodbye.
A seminar? Tomorrow?
Sorry for the sudden notice,
but we haven't discussed the new winter line...
because of the anniversary event.
Will it be for 1 night and 2 days?
No, it'll be for one day.
We'll work hard all day,
have a nice dinner and come back.
To check on the 40th anniversary event.
Yes, Grandfather.
I'll call when we leave.
What if he finds out...
we don't have a seminar?
We will go.
How?
We didn't even make a reservation.
I did.
Grandfather comes and goes...
whenever he wants without notice.
I thought he'd leave soon,
but I wasn't sure when,
so I'd booked a place for the seminar.
I thought he'd want to spend the night with you.
You can never...
deceive my grandfather.
Unless it's only a short while.
You're so busy with the seminar too.
I might end up forgetting...
what you look like.
I'm sorry.
You'll feel like that.
You won't see much of us...
until after the anniversary event.
Okay.
I'm sure Eun Seok's stressed too.
Right. I should be more considerate.
Do your best at the seminar.
And have fun with your grandfather.
I will.
How will you get there?
I'll drive my car.
She'll come with her team.
It'll be cramped and uncomfortable.
It's fine.
I like chatting with my team.
Goodbye.
Let's go.
Okay. Goodbye.
Ha Jung.
Did you bring the report on our customers...
and the score cards from the Design Team?
I did.
You don't do all the work.
Doesn't it feel like...
we're on an outing?
It must be good to be you.
You already forgot how you got scolded.
I wrote an apology for that.
But do we have to...
discuss our new line at the seminar?
We always had a seminar once or twice a year.
It's just for one day.
We get to feast afterwards.
He'll buy us beef, won't he?
Try on the belt.
Both hands in pockets.
Turn around like that.
Turn to one side.
How does it feel?
Yesterday, I tried on last winter's best seller.
It's much lighter and warmer than that.
And it's a better fit because of the waistline.
Warmer, better material.
What brand doesn't claim that?
What's the main marketing point?
We'll give it...
a special name to differentiate it.
A special name? How?
I don't know yet.
How about using people's memories?
"We don't just warm you,"
"but we warm your heart as well."
At our anniversary event,
our hand printing project theme is about fairytales.
Not bad. Let's move on.
The next one's a cute jacket.
- Ha Jung, you try it on. - Okay.
Vice Chairman Choi?
When did this tree get so big?
Well...
It was planted when we moved here.
That was 20 years ago.
Vice Chairman Choi.
I'll walk to the restaurant.
We'll take a break for 10 minutes...
then resume the meeting.
Our female consumers will think of a fairytale.
Let's get the media talk about that.
We could also get an interview...
with the person who won...
the logo designing competition.
Good idea.
Then we'll go ahead and print samples.
Ji An and Ha Jung, make the jeans.
Ms. Yang and Ms. Song, make the coats.
Okay.
Who will collect the score cards?
Ji An, will you collect them...
and send the data to our chat group?
Yes, sir.
Will 20 minutes be enough?
While Ji An does that,
let's see if we can make up a nice name.
Well done, everyone.
I booked a table at Goso Beef.
Enjoy dinner.
You won't come with us?
Don't you think...
you'd be more comfortable without me?
Goodbye then. I must get back to Seoul.
- Goodbye. - Goodbye.
He's so hardcore.
He worked all day then disappeared.
That's great.
The best boss is the kind who gives...
lots of money and leaves.
Goso Beef is a really famous restaurant.
I've been there before, and it's not that bad.
Let's pack up then.
Okay.
I'll deal with Grandpa. You stay with your team.
Your flight leaves at 9:20pm?
You must leave Yangpyeong by 7pm then.
I'll bring Eun Seok over before 6pm.
Grandfather, it's Do Kyung.
Hi, where are you?
I'm really sorry.
My car just shut down. I stopped by the roadside.
Your car shut down?
Why?
Are you hurt?
No, I managed to stop in time.
But I don't think I can get my car fixed...
and get to Yangpyeong...
before you have to leave.
Really?
Where are you now?
I really can't make it.
Do Kyung.
Aunt Jin Hee.
What are you doing there?
What do you think?
I'm here to see my dad off.
You always came straight to the airport.
Let's not waste time on the phone.
Where are you?
I'll send my car over. You can come that way.
Your car?
Your grandfather would be upset to miss Eun Seok.
Let him see her for at least 30 minutes.
Text me where you are right now.
Whose phone is it?
Mr. Choi.
Ji An?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Turn the car around.
What's wrong?
Dye artist Jung Kang Soo.
They got in touch.
He says you have to get over there,
so we're to drop you off.
He found Jung Kang Soo?
See you tomorrow.
Where's Mr. Jung?
- Wear your seat belt. - Okay.
We're meeting them here?
- What now? - What now?
Why did Auntie have to be there?
Can't we just wait here, then get there in her car?
I'll prepare myself.
We won't be there for long.
No. She wants me to drive her car...
and leave mine with her driver.
What should we do then?
What should we do?
Let's sabotage my car.
Your car?
It's over if they find out we lied.
How can we do that?
Hang on.
Puncture a tire.
What for? You said the car shut down.
Right, I did.
Why did I say that?
I should've blamed it on the tire.
What now?
(Car shutting down in movie)
What are you doing?
I saw a movie where a car shut down.
What?
I know nothing about cars.
You have to step on it. Brake on my signal.
Okay.
Come on.
Are you okay under there?
You're too noisy. Be quiet.
Okay, I will. I'll be quiet.
Hurry up, will you?
Okay, Dad.
See you at the airport.
Jin Hee's in Yangpyeong?
To tell Dad she didn't plan Eun Seok's scandal.
I really can't understand...
why he wants to cover this up.
You two sisters...
are really disgusting.
What did you just say?
Go to the airport on your own.
Okay.
Our driver checked the roads,
but an accident on a highway caused a jam.
We have to leave now.
Oh, dear. Then what about Eun Seok and Do Kyung?
What about them? I don't get to see them.
Tell your driver to turn around.
Not yet? You said you saw the movie.
Seo Ji An, this is too dangerous.
Get out, will you?
Just a moment.
I'll just bribe my aunt's driver.
Get out from under there.
I did it.
You did it?
Look.
You did it.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
(My Golden Life)
Are you grumpy that I did...
something you couldn't?
Why would I be? You're the weird one.
Am I the strange one for not being able to do that?
Can you completely get over with...
how you once felt about someone?
Did you meet an old flame?
Why are you in a suit?
- I'm leaving for lunch. - Mr. Baker.
I want to quit.
What?
Do you know a Mr. Jung Kang Soo?
He dyes fabrics.
He lives in Sewol-ri.
About 30 minutes up a mountain.
Up a mountain?
Oh, that strange house?
Seo Ji An!
Do Kyung.